NAME
    GD::Latin2 - ISO-8859-2 support for GD module

SYNOPSIS
    If you have successfully aplied this patch and reinstalled GD, you can
    call string with parameters containing ISO-Latin-2 characters and they
    will be correctly displayed in the gifs.

DESCRIPTION
    This is a patch that replaces standard ASCII-only fonts in libgd, used
    by GD module, by those with full 256 char Latin2 support. In order to
    put new fonts into the library, the source has to be changed and the
    library recompiled. That's why you need to have untarred GD library
    ready before aplying this patch.

INSTALLATION
    This is my attempt to make the patch easily installable. However, it may
    fail on your configuration, but do not worry -- you can patch the
    GD/gdlib yourself, see below.

    Unpack this distribution next to unpacked GD distribution. Then run

            perl Makefile.PL
            make
            make install

    You will be prompted for a directory containing the untarred GD
    distribution. Then the files containing the fonts are replaced with
    those with ISO-8859-2. Also, one minor patch is aplied to the libgd.c in
    order to make it 8-bit clean. And, the fifth test output gif (that
    contains some texts) is also replaced, so that the tests run OK.

    You can of course do all this by hand: the fonts are in the fonts
    directory, you should copy them into the libgd directory in GD
    distribution. Then apply the patch in file libgd.diff to libgd.c file in
    GD distribution.

OTHER CHARSETS
    In this package, I have also included my little script bdftogd that
    creates gd font definitions from those in bdf file format. So you can
    run your favorite ISO-8859-1 or so fonts through it and make use of
    them.

BUGS
    You have to reinstal this patch whenever you upgrade your GD package.

    The small font has changed from 6x12 to 6x13 in ISO-8859-2 version.

    The bdftogd convertor is really a simple hack that suits my needs. You
    are welcome to find problems and send me patches to make it more
    general.

VERSION
    0.51

AUTHOR
    Jan Pazdziora, adelton@fi.muni.cz

    http://www.fi.muni.cz/~adelton/

    at Faculty of Informatics, Masaryk University in Brno, Czech Republic

